feat: improve performing updates docs (#2079)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/installation-updates/performing-updates.md

## When to update

Shopware releases updates every month. It's not necessary to update every month, but you should always install the latest security patches through the [Security Plugin](https://store.shopware.com/en/swag136939272659f/shopware-6-security-plugin.html) or update Shopware itself to the latest version. To check if your Shopware version still gets security updates, you can check the [Shopware Release Cycle](https://developer.shopware.com/release-notes/).

Generally speaking, the maintenance effort is the same whether you wait a long period or update more regularly. Our recommendation is to update from every major version to the next major version, and stay on a minor version for a longer period of time if you don't need any new features or encounter issues with the used version.

## Update types

There are two Shopware update types:

> - **Minor/Patch updates**: These updates contain new features, bug fixes and security patches. They are released every month for the active supported versions. They don't require special attention if your extensions are not using internal/experimental APIs. You can find the Backwards Compatibility Promise [here](../../../resources/guidelines/code/backward-compatibility.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Minor/Patch updates**: These updates contain new features, bug fixes and security patches. They are released every month for the active supported versions. They don't require special attention if your extensions are not using internal/experimental APIs. You can find more details in the [Backwards Compatibility Promise](../../../resources/guidelines/code/backward-compatibility.md).
```
